Relevant data for this project cannot be posted due to licensing issues. The data itself is hosted by the wonderful people at
http://www.wordfrequency.info/ and they have asked that their data not be posted elsewhere, though you can download it yourself.

  I think it is a fairly common practice to look for patterns. Personally, in traffic, I am always checking for whether or not license plates are divisible by 3, or if they have a simple factorization. My brother engages in a similar behavior and, as a joke, sent me a youtube video "ALL KETCHUP SOLVED" in which a man isolates all the words on a bottle of ketchup and proves that by using a standard alphanumeric assignment (A=1, B=2,...,Z=26) "all" words on the bottle and even descriptions of the bottle are divisible by 3. He further goes on to state that there is some divine reason for this. This is of course nonsense, but, as a scientist, I owe it to myself to investigate a claim before dismissing it. To that end I decided to find out if there was, perhaps, a larger than average probability for common English words to be divisible by 3. (I thought also that there may be some kind of clustering because the test for divisibility by 3 requires only that the sum of digits is divisible by 3.)

  To accomplish this task, I took a list of the 5000 most common English words (obtained from the website in the preamble). With a small amount of data cleaning (lowering cases, removing non-alphanumeric characters using regular expressions) and through the use of a dictionary I converted the words into numbers. The numbers are concatenated so that the word "The" (T=20,H=8,E=5) is the number 2085. (It should be noted that this bijection is totally arbitrary, and are the results of this analysis, they have no fundamental meaning or interest to anyone.) I then plotted the frequency of the remainder of each number under modular division by 3. Not surprisingly, the frequency distribution was flat. After this I tried other numbers, the only number which had any interesting results was 5. Approximately half of the most frequently used English words were divisible by 5. Of course they were, divisibility by 5 requires only that the number end in 5 or 0. Alphanumerically, this means that words that end in 'E', 'O','T', and 'Y' are divisible by 5 when converted to a number.
  
  It warms my heart that nonsense is so easily proven to be exactly that, and that a common sense understanding of a totally stupid result like this exists. Please don't engage in numerology, it's profoundly stupid. Instead learn number theory, or any other branch of mathematics. If the universe is leaving messages in numbers I really doubt they'd go with English and a base 10 version of mysticism, seems kind of arbitrary, but what do I know?
  
The author would like to thank CW for consultation over chicken nuggets, and AK for answering a python question at a moment's notice.
